# President of The Hive Collective

Dec 30 - Drafted Bylaws for the Hive Collective
Jan 22 - Meeting with Megan with Intent to Organize
Jan 22 - Approached Dr. Posnett with Club Advisor Position
Jan 27 - Approached Dr. Posnett with Club Advisor Position
Jan 29 - Dr. Posnett Agreed to the position
Jan 29 - Submitted Intent to Organize form for The Hive Collective
Feb 3 - Met with Dr. Posnett and he asked about "gathering requirements"
Feb 5 - Met with Dr. Posentt and clarified his intent to join quoted "I want to support entrepreneurship and strengthing the computer science department"
Feb 6 - Created the Onboarding Form, Leadership Form, Journey Tracker Form, and Election Form.
Feb 7 - Unofficial Meeting going over Onboarding Form and Expectations
Feb 7 - Finalized Meeting Notes for Feb 7th on Discord
Feb 7 - Booked Meeting Room for Feb 12th at Lib 3524
Feb 7 - Emailed Mark - Student Lead Energy and Power Startup
Feb 8 - Send out Onboarding Email
Feb 9 - Updated Onboarding Form to include bylaws and student conduct confirmation
Feb 10 - Created Email Signiture (Missing Link to Website)
Feb 10 - Created Automated Meeting Scheduler
Feb 10 - Emailed Stephanie and Zion
Feb 10 - Emailed Professor KP
Feb 10 - Started CAF Form
Fed 10 - Scheduled Meeting with Cameron Law
Feb 11 - Signed CAF Form
Feb 12 - Rescheduled Meeting with Cameron Law
Feb 12 - THC Meeting
Feb 12 - Meeting with Dr Posnett and Tosh to talk about IP and Updating Bylaws
Feb 13 - Visited the Carleson Center
Feb 13 - Dropped-in to Arlene J. Miranda to talk about the THC IP Attribution
Feb 13 - Called a meeting with Rafael IP Specialist to talk about the struggles with THC IP
Feb 13 - ASI CAF Account Update and Schedule a workshop March 7th
Feb 14 - Hosted THC Meeting
Feb 14 - Reached out to Engineering Clubs
Feb 15 - Studied Contributors Licences Agreements
Feb 17 - Met with Dr Posnett about CLAs (Continued Studies for CLAs)
Feb 19 - Hosted THC Meeting
Feb 19 - Reached out to Engineering Clubs
Feb 19 - Reached out to the ECS Internship and Career Development Department and MESA
Feb 19 - Reached out to professor Abdel for Clubs on Campus
Feb 19 - Compiled CLAs Researched
Feb 19 - GPL Incompatible with closed-source - MIT & APatche Licences - Distributes codes but acknowldges the projects
Feb 19 - Met with Rafael and Cameron Law about IP and meeting with people for IP domain
Feb 21 - Hosted General Meeting - Reached out to Fashion Club and GRIDS to partner with club activities
Feb 21 - Assigned NextJS Homework
Feb 21 - Recheduled Cameron Law with Arlene
Feb 24 - Looked up Conference Sponsorship Opportunities with the School
Feb 24 - Met with Dr Posnett on potential clubs and school sponsorshipi and Non For Profit
Feb 24 - Scheduled a meeting with SFA Leaders - Wednesday 3-4
Feb 24 - Solidified Non-Functional Requirements with Database, NoSQL
Feb 27 - Met with Dr. President Wood about Club Funding
Mar 4 - Cannot be funded through club funds \_ Cannot Paid for Activities
Mar 4 - Update club Bylaws
Mar 4 - Have all officers go through officer agreement form
Mar 4 - Updated Club Officers
Mar 5 - Club Meeting with
Mar 5 - Met with ASI Accounting to see how Cash Rewards Work
Mar 5 - Met with Booking for SFAxTHC hoodie event
Mar 7 - Impromptu Meeting for Resume and Interview Techniques
Mar 8 - Set up flyers with SFA for Hoodie Design Competition
Mar 10 - Emailed News Letter
Mar 12 - Met with GRIDs to go over flyer competiton
Mar 12 - Emailed SFA to reschedule
Mar 12 - Scheduled a meeting with Dr Posnett on Friday 21st for him to discuss open source licences
Mar 12 - Fast Deployment of THC Website assignment
Mar 14 - Speech done at Sac State for "How I got into Google and Amazon"
Mar 16 - Rescheduled SFA Event
Mar 21 - GRIDs meeting
Mar 26 - Club Meeting w/ Web Creation
Apr 1 - Club Meeting during Spring Break
Apr 4 - Club Meeting for MVP
Apr 9 - Sick
Apr 11 - Sick
Apr 15 - Submitted Addmitted Student Day Application for The Hive Collective
Apr 13 - Booked Room for Next Fall Semsester
Apr 16 - MVP and Video Creation
Apr 16 -
